add image best practices (#9282)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/contributing/pages/images.mdx

noindex: true
---

> You can use images in your docs by adding them to the `public` folder and referencing them correctly in your .mdx files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to add images to your docs, you'll have to put them in the `public` folder. Make sure you reference them correctly in your .mdx files.
```

```markdown {filename:/docs/platform/apple/index.mdx}
![Issue alert](/product/alerts/issue-alert.png)
```

## Image Optimization

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To save space and ensure consistency, we ask that all image files be compressed and cropped to the dimensions listed below. When adding an image, please makes sure that it's high-resolution and crisp and that text is big enough to read. 
```

### Recommended Dimensions

> If you want the image to take up the full width of the page, the image should have a width of 1484 pixels.
> 
> If the image will be indented once (for example, if it's under a list item), then it should have a width of 1400 pixels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you want the image to take up the full width of the page, make it **1484 pixels** wide.

- If you want the image to be indented once (for example, if it's under a list item), make it **1400 pixels** wide.
```

### Image Compression

> For performance reasons, images should be compressed. Follow these steps to use ImageOptim to compress your images:
> 
> 1. Download and install https://imageoptim.com/.
> 2. Drag your images into it. The files will be compressed in place.
> 3. Wait until the image is ready, then add it to the appropriate path in the `public` folder of the docs repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For performance reasons, images should be compressed. We recommend using ImageOptim. Here are the steps to follow:

1. Download and install https://imageoptim.com/.
2. Drag and drop your image(s) into the tool. The files will be compressed in place.
3. Wait until a green checkmark appears, then add the compressed image to the appropriate path in the `public` folder of the docs repo.
```
